3index.html:862 Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'map')
    at deepCopyEntities (index.html:862:19)
    at startGame (index.html:1456:15)
    at handleKey (index.html:1543:35)
    at index.html:1510:3


theres a few purple missing assets on home screen
each text instance seems to have some purple assets with it


and also like


start and options on main screen, buttons needed. options to have volume and whatnot

-------------

i really didnt like the sound of the change about 'making sprite magenta threshold less absolute' i mean what. its like a png. it is absolute. the reference didnt need that, etc. i guess it fixed it but idk. Just sus that it was needed thats all

Evaluate these changes with respect to the reference

'winner' text lerp is kind of slower
weird line in sprite quads for some reason along the hypotenuse
horrible sound was invented for the movement - wasnt there a beep or something in the original one
the rewind animation is also horrible, it just flickers the screen, the original had a cool rewind thing
reflections are hard to see, they looked better in the original one.

needs to save progress in local storage, probably analagous to however reference did it

starting window size and resizing changes the level of zoom permanently

selected level draw in front?

---------------
player flow: automatic start next level
the snow sound - no didnt the game use one of the beep sounds. check what the reference did
pretty sure the undo sound is wrong too. Theres like this cursed sound and it triggers every time you press. the normal pop sound is there though. just check what the reference did.
undo - allow z to also undo the same way as r does, count z as r basically. oh fuk it has u. okay well just use the sound u was causing. u z and r can all be the same thing but it should go into z/r mode if held too.
wrap the menu selection on the main sc
maybe the snow is a bit smaller

--------
--------------
rendered levels do have mixels but i guess i dont care that much lmao
credit james etc

----
snowkoban ideas for main screen yea
journey mode also
diagetic main menu
instructions on the ground, arrows to move
friendly elves to talk to where they open the settings modal or whatever


----------
its another example of ai clearing out the backlog. <Ship Snowkoban>, etc.
Todo I might make a UGC portal and level editor